README_generator.md, before:

# README_generator  

  

  ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
  ## Description  

  

  A command line application used to generate a professional README file.  

  * Motivation  

    Every developer needs a readme with any project they build. I wanted to make a tool that would streamline the process of making one.  

  * Reason for Building  

    To not only have access to the tool itself, but to write my first full-fledged command line program.  

  * Problems Solved  

    It walks developers through the process of making their readme files.  

  * Things Learned  

    I learned how to modularize javascript files to work together for one greater function.  

  

  ## Table of Contents  

  

  * [Installation](#installation)  

  * [Usage](#usage)  

  * [License](#license)  

  * [Contributing](#contributing)  

  * [Tests](#tests)  

  * [Questions](#questions)  

  

  ## Installation  

  

  This application is meant to be run in a unix command line such as "terminal" for Mac OS and Linux users or "gitbash" for Window users.  

  

  > node index.js  

  

  ## License  

  

  ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)  
 [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)  

  

  ## Contributing  

  

  Jung, Georgia Tech, my wife  

  

  ## Tests  

  

  Answer the prompt questions applicable to your latest project and check the working directory for the generated markdown file.  

  

  ## Questions  

  

  Reach out if you have any questions about this project.

Commit message:

Replaced the GitHub generated README with one made by the application in this project.

README_generator.md, after:

# README_generator  

  

  ![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
  ## Description  

  

  A command line application used to generate a professional README file.  

  * Motivation  

    Every developer needs a readme with any project they build. I wanted to make a tool that would streamline the process of making one.  

  * Reason for Building  

    To not only have access to the tool itself, but to write my first full-fledged command line program.  

  * Problems Solved  

    It walks developers through the otherwise mundane process of making their readme files.  

  * Things Learned  

    I learned how to modularize javascript files to work together for one greater function.  

  

  ## Table of Contents  

  

  * [Installation](#installation)  

  * [Usage](#usage)  

  * [License](#license)  

  * [Contributing](#contributing)  

  * [Tests](#tests)  

  * [Questions](#questions)  

  

  ## Installation  

  

  This application is meant to be run in a unix command line such as "terminal" for Mac OS and Linux users or "gitbash" for Window users.  

  

  > node index.js  

  

  ## Usage  

  

  Simply run the above command line input and respond to each prompt to the best of your ability.  

  

  ## License  

  

  [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)  

  

  ## Contributing  

  

  Jung, Georgia Tech, 2U Education, GitHub, and my wife.  

  

  ## Tests  

  

  This application can be tested by just trying different keystrokes in response to each prompt to get a feel for how the application will format the data in the output markdown file.  

  

  ## Questions  

  

  Reach out if you have any questions about this project.
